- Administrator C joins the multitenant organization. Cross-tenant access settings in tenants A (and B) for partner tenant C are amended, according to tenant A (and B) policy template settings. Similarly, cross-tenant access settings in tenant C for partner tenants A and B are amended, according to tenant C policy template settings.
- Following the formation of this multitenant organization of three tenants, the cross-tenant access settings of all tenant pairs in the multitenant organization have preemptively been configured.

In summary, configuration of the optional policy templates enable you to homogeneously initialize cross-tenant access settings across your multitenant organization, while maintaining maximum flexibility to customize your cross-tenant access settings as needed on a per-tenant basis.

To stop using the policy templates, you can reset them to their default state. For more information, see Configure multitenant organization templates.

# Policy template scoping and additional properties

To provide administrators with further configurability, you can choose when cross-tenant access settings are to be amended according to the policy templates. For example, you can choose to apply the policy templates for the following tenants when a tenant joins a multitenant organization:

Expand table

| Tenant | Description |
| - | - |
| Only new partner tenants | Tenants whose cross-tenant access settings are autogenerated |
| Only existing partner tenants | Tenants who already have cross-tenant access settings |
| All partner tenants | Both new partner tenants and existing partner tenants |
| No partner tenants | Policy templates are effectively disabled |

In this context, new partners refer to tenants for which you haven't yet configured cross-tenant access settings, while existing partners refer to tenants for which you have already configured cross-tenant access settings. This scoping is specified with the `templateApplicationLevel` property on the cross-tenant access partner configuration template and the `templateApplicationLevel` property on the cross-tenant access identity synchronization template.