## 1. In the source tenant, configure cross-tenant synchronization to provision internal accounts in the source tenant as external accounts in the target tenant.
As users are assigned to the cross-tenant synchronization service principal, they'll automatically be provisioned into the target tenant. As they're removed from the configuration, they'll automatically be deprovisioned. As part of your attribute mappings, you can add a new mapping of type constant to provision a directory extension attribute on the user to indicate that they're a SOC administrator. Alternatively, if you have an attribute such as department that you can rely on for this step, you can skip creating the extension. This attribute will be used in the target tenant to provide them with access to the necessary roles.

## 2. In the source tenant, create an access package that includes the cross-tenant synchronization service principal as a resource.
As users are granted access to the package, they'll be assigned to the cross-tenant synchronization service principal. Ensure that you set up periodic access reviews of the access package or time-limit the assignments to ensure that only the users that need access to the target tenant continue to have access.

## 3. In the target tenant, create access packages to provide the necessary roles for investigating an incident.
We recommend one autoassigned access package to provide the Security Reader role and one request based package for the Security Operator and Security Administrator roles.
Once you have completed the setup, SOC users can navigate to myaccess.microsoft.com to request time-limited access to the necessary access packages in the source tenant. Once approved, they'll automatically be provisioned into the target tenant(s) with the security reader role. They can then request additional access in any tenants where they need the Security Operator or Security Administrator roles. Once their access period is over or they're removed as part of an access review, they'll be deprovisioned from all the target tenants they don't need access to anymore.

## Topology 2
In topology 2 the target tenant administrator defines the access packages and resources that the source users can request access to. If the source tenant administrator would like to restrict which of their users can access the target tenant, you can use a cross-tenant access policy coupled with an access package to block all access to the target tenant, except for users that are part of a group that is included in an access package in the home tenant.